you forget the train you're sure you
forget to train your forearms they are
important because if you don't you get
tennis elbow and golfer's elbow and then
you can't lift heavy weights because
it's painful
make sure you spot a plateau because
they sneak up on you keep a workout
Journal so you can actually go back and
see what you did last workout and then
everytime achieve better results change
the way you exercise swap an exercise do
it a little different small tiny changes
will lead to greater improvements change
the order of your exercises
if you always start with squats try to
put them like the last exercise to do
yes you have to drop your ego because
you will be able to lift like maybe 25
pounds I'm just kidding but you will see
a whole new muscle growth from that
change the rep range you're doing always
doing 6 to 10 try to do 10 to 15 you
will have to drop the poundage --is so
this is not a time to have a big ego but
you will see new muscle growth from this
always doing chest and triceps back and
biceps change it up do back with calves
and crops and chest I know it sounds
really unconventional but try it out
change the time between each rep No
change the time between sets have you
ever timed yourself it's easy to go from
a squaw and you feel like a like that
and you sit the new text on the phone
for four or five minutes yeah that's
really ineffective try 30 seconds change
the time of the day you work out will it
matter yes it will because if you used
to do it at 4:00 p.m. and then you force
yourself to do 6:00 a.m. that is harder
so if it's harder it's gonna be more
productive add more calories if you're
underneath or just eat from maintenance
you really think you're gonna grow
muscle oh you want reduce interruptive
activity I always say I don't workout in
my free time because I don't I have to
recover and have enough energy for my
workouts don't walk around just like no
like that dinner is done you know do all
this kind of weird stuff that have you
burned calories you know pace yourself
stay calm and then be a badass at the
gym no BS is taking you back to behind
the scenes of an epic shoot with Muscle
& Fitness photographer paavo youth y'all
this sexy shoot was for the flex
magazine article the girls are back
which was the first feature in a three
year long run and the most popular flex
feature series ever
she waited up looking like this you know
she had that sultry eye look super sexy
girl
behind me
oh boy
yeah like that
that's good
good you connected
okay Shelley more quickly sweet come on
I just took your public yeah
all the way up
Hey